you
your producer of a TV and products we
have a
we're manufacturer that
p % hardness all dealers of a cell
a teeny boppers to nerve
it's real it's
come up it's not broken we have all
probably the biggest thing for us in
it's a competition to be
we are in that and that's the one
talk about show you guys this is the
photoactive door
program to the head of the industry we
have a
stainless steel plunger system the
towels and a billet mechanism at any
time you can take this apart and clean
it it's not a gate hinge and it's not a
generic programming and slam it's
the only non rattle six-way adjustable
headset any customer ever says it's got
a rattle just take an allen wrench out
and adjust it you can suck this in with
a step down engineered part or you can
move it forward or roll it back the door
is available in 8 colorway packages for
the same price we have two substrates we
have diamond plate and we have flat
metal we can do it in line grain candy
coats the door comes in a semi frame or
a wrinkle black frame it's the only door
in the industry it's got a rear shoulder
adjustment in the back sorry guys no so
you can keep your ear stock guard in
there for a little extra protection and
here's a really cool thing
the door opens all the way
and it's also neta believin see all of
our countries the most important this
thing is a four hundred ninety nine
dollar retail and again it's the only
Freddy Shepherd 2011
you